So let's start.
Uh.
He sucked.
Then he shall be first.
And you orange.
How are you doing?
What did you do yesterday?
Thank you.
This will be one six months later.
Uh, yesterday I worked mostly on legal, but I'm still far from gunfire because it's a lot.
Mm-hmm.
But nothing is blocking me.
I looks I don't know.
In particular, I think and today I will continue doing that.
OK.
And these guys are you, when is your elected Bulgaria? Very beautiful.
And do you think you can finish this by today or it's not possible?
Very little jury, and you're going for the full summary.
I I will do my best.
OK.
I will do my best.
Alright, Marwa, what about you?
Umm.
Yeah, you we already have them take it back.
Yeah, I'm gonna, but I don't really want to have everything she needs.
Basically the same as either I'm still working on the ethics and I will be working on that today and so far nothing is blocking me.
And are you gonna be apart from that?
OK.
Yeah, please.
So it's like the same as this legal.
I need to know is.
You don't know if you can finish this.
I think it's delayed, really. Yeah.
It's a lot, but I will try my best.
OK.
What about your life?
I'll let you go, but if not, and that's only coming to the one for the worked on that spaceline machine learning model, I try to, are you doing something so like I mean create different datasets, combine them together.
Mm-hmm.
But I'm still working.
I'm still working on that, so if I feel lonely, we can go and drink together and feel lonely together also.
Right.
Yeah, sure.
You guys don't message leaving.
My 2 is leaving, sure, but don't.
Ohh so can you maybe like what would be nice if we could finish this like today to Alexa, choose the data sets for for for the model through it tomorrow. Uh.
But what data sets do we all want to use?
It's still on.
So, like I've sent something yesterday.
But it will be like this thing because they will be here till 22nd of July or something like this.
Because my friends are coming over.
What we could use like, uh, for example, for output we could use the crime reports like the total number of crime reports for example, and that's input all the other data sets.
Probably yeah.
That was the uh.
But like that website you sent us is not registered prime and stuff.
What website?
What do you mean?
But my place now he's coming from data overnight.
But you know, and I don't feel like doing them every talking.
It's only people who get a who get money from the government.
I don't know how to, so I think yes.
Ah, but yeah, like this.
Uh, I'm sure they will just end up getting high enough.
Like what?
What?
I think we could use it as well, but not only like, uh, what did I say?
What do you want to use it for?
And.
It's like and then I don't think you can talk about.
OK.
I have.
As a as input like one of the factors that can, you know, affect the total number of crimes or the new new nuisance, what do you think about this?
We're gonna send no.
The quick would use the green index.
If you I think they have room for they have like.
And she she.
Yeah, she's OK with it, but he is.
That we'll be back.
For example, the bar registrations those datasets like you say on the people on benefit as input and to determine the the number of Freeport that will be output.
He's probably one of the most likely person I know.
But yeah, that's what I would like to do today to like, finish this, to choose like the data sets and the columns that we would use.
Umm, OK yeah.
Document.
Do you think we can do that?
Yeah, yeah.
But I don't see how that data set you you forwarded that Persona method.
An outpouring.
Hmm.
Yes, that's that image you send us.
I don't see how that's appropriate for our research question.
I don't know what what is at Marwa think about it.
Umm, let me see.
Yeah, I agree.
He's up.
Yeah.
I mean that was like one of like, one of the one that we could get something extra.
Umm.
But yeah, we don't necessarily have to use it like what I thought is like the more, uh, like unemployed people, for example, that may affect like, the the number of some crimes but.
That obviously could affect the number of crimes, the number of registered crimes.
But yeah, in this case I don't.
I don't see that.
OK.
So it's this is just like some some idea.
Umm.
But are we going to confuse it then?
But yeah, it would be like good for today to choose those data sets that we will use for input.
Yep.
Yeah.
Then, whatever those they are, and so that we can build it tomorrow, like that's let's let's make it a go today.
OK, so So what?
What data sets are you working on?
I was working on a emerging the.
I think it was nuisance data because what I got was like, yeah, data on the new science report.
But it was like with some there were no names of neighborhoods.
There were only like some codes, so I had to merge it with uh, like other data set that.
Yeah, like explain what the code means so.
Did you import that data sets into the GitHub Group 10 repository?
No, but I can do it now if you if you want.
Yeah.
So I can also see what what it is you're working on and I will also do that for myself.
OK. OK.
Yeah, let's that will be best.
We'll see both.
I think mine is already in there from the map for example.
Umm.
What did you work on?
Uh, what's happening to you?
But I'm not sure well that that map the that the folium map the Geo pandas map is all finished now.
Umm, but first version Sir.
But I have a I have a map come again.
Which boss registrations or what does it show?
Yeah, with BOA registrations.
OK.
But I have it for every year, every year, specialized in the different map, but I'm not sure if we can or if I can.
Uh, combine all the cones into one code block and like visualize all the maps.
Uh next to each other?
How for each year?
Yeah, but I'm not sure if you can do that.
I tried asking Chachi beauty but it didn't give me a straight answer.
Yeah.
You may have to do it like in separate blocks setting. See.
Yeah, true.
Or.
Uh, so I tell Santa.
Through and then just not sure.
Thing is, one of the data sets is pretty heavy I think, so I'm not true.
I will be able to uploaded on GitHub no?
Umm.
30 megabytes.
So then don't but send me the sent me the link where you got that data set from and, but the notebook in the repository.
OK.
To everyone can see it.
And tomorrow we need to work on poetry.
This is as well like I think we can.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, try to build the model actually like to code it and yeah, and do the poetry.
Yep.
Umm.
OK.
I'll I'll how did you know?
In a few minutes.
OK, cool.
So that's UM, so we have we went to use four data sets or how many do we want to use.
I mean, yeah, that's the the thing that I don't know.
Honestly, I guess the more it.
I'm just not sure.
Then what do we want to predict with the model?
Like the number of uh reports of crime or new sensor, what do you think?
Umm.
Just like this, we should think about.
That I think the number of.
Yeah.
The number of registered crimes, but that's already in the data set, right?
Yeah, but yeah, I mean that's that's good that it is.
Umm.
That this will be like the uh.
That's difficult.
I'm not sure.
We have no clue.
Is a moral what do you think?
Hello. Uh.
Hi Almostly also have no clue.
And yeah.
I'm sorry.
I was.
I was thinking sorry.
Umm.
I wrote.
All right.
How far?
On the group chat would.
So we, but he got it.
Umm.
We have a new stand up thing.
You know most.
Yeah.
It's what you're also sending the other one.
Umm.
Thinking about the machine learning models, input and output something like this output.
Ohh.
Yeah, it could work, but I'm just not sure.
Predicted the room.
Good work.
Potential future.
I mean like the Marwa one is anyway will be working on ethics today, right?
Yeah.
So we took in like at least well.
However, it works if it's gives good results or not.
Yep.
If it's like there is correlation or not, we can just like select some data sets and choose the columns that we will use and at least have to this for for today.
OK.
I mean, for which standard looks good, but we could also just ask from just to be sure tomorrow.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I guess when we like choose it and build it and it will be just umm, it won't be hard to change it like change the data.
That will be pretty easy.
So we can get feedback and.
Change it easily.
Add print.
Umm.
Yeah, we can try that.
I'm fine with that.
OK.
Then I'll.
Umm.
Yeah, I will send a what I have and let's Click to choose something Max today and yeah, let's.
I think everyone knows what to do.
Yeah.
Yes.
OK, So what do you want me to be working on now?
UH-2 to some data sets and call and from those data sets columns that we can use as the like features as the input file for the model.
Do you know what I mean?
Not quite.
I think it's always been into the others.
I'll write it down because I.
They come and go and then if you sit there like that's not going to.
Yeah, in energy, in anybody's statement. Yeah.
But there is a laptop and this one has a charger or something like that.
Like waking up?
I'm not sure.
Like when we build model or something like that right?
Here are some free spaces in the second one.
You just model that pretty, so the input one input two.
Yeah.
These are just columns, so that's like to choose what columns will we use for for this.
Umm.
Like for example, uh Green Index score could be this I guess.
But yeah, we need more.
Gotcha.
Uh it?
Tell me if you don't.
Yeah.
Ohh no, I explained very vaguely.
Uh, yeah.
That.
Set back umm I just.
I also just don't know what data sets I need to.
I I I need or I should use?
Umm.
And do you have the bar registration data set like in a table?
Or how does it look like because I haven't worked on it.
Uh, it's either in the table or it's both in the table and in a map like and they don't really know if you.
So do umm, we would need that in a table if that's possible for example.
So maybe you could.
That's the yes.
Do something about this.
Do you have in your notebook?
Yeah, because like at one point, like if they like, they will all get banned.
Alright.
No photo.
If you upload it or make map only.
Again, it's being used again, and then you Bram.
I mean, we'll just keep going.
Yeah.
Michael, come again?
I didn't.
Uh, I didn't quite understand.
Do you have it like the this data set in in front of the table somewhere or?
Yeah, I have it like I have it like this.
I'll show you.
I have it like this.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah, that's what I'm one.
Yeah, that's.
I haven't like this and this is the BOA data is so over over here.
And this is only from the year 2022.
You can see your screen.
I don't know why it's black.
OK, I don't never mind.
Umm.
Busy from Bowers.
And what is this?
What are those codes?
Uh.
Geometry is just placed on the map, right?
Again.
The geometry column is just just neighborhood right to plot it on the map.
Umm Yep.
And count is how many times it was registered in that specific area.
Mm-hmm.
In 2022 and CBS code, I'm not sure what it is have to look into that.
See what it's specifically means?
I'm not sure, and the sword is just what kind of registered crime it was by garbage is the that's.
Uh, how was where registered in that specific area?
Anyone of times it was registered and stuff like that.
Mm-hmm.
And that's the same for 2018-2019, et cetera.
Umm.
So that's.
So yeah, from this use the like count for example and them yeah, that will be useful for sure.
Like, I guess we will need to find a way how to.
Yeah, but thousand.
Uh, like translate this geometry column like the Polygon blah blah to just neighborhood name?
Because we will need that probably.
Not sure if you can.
I can try but I'm not sure if you can.
I mean, I'm not saying to do it now, but like in, in general maybe, yeah.
Yeah, I know, but I'm just not sure if you can.
Umm, understand?
But yeah, this is this is good then.
Umm.
That it's that.
Think about that.
So yeah, so I guess, let's try to uh, choose what we can, what we can use for the for the model.
Like I will write it down to explain once again.
OK.
Maybe so that you you know what I mean.
But so there.
Yeah.
If you could just let me know what data sets I need to, I need to be working on today because I'm just not sure.
OK.
Right.
So I just need to, uh, do the ETA for those data sets.
Yeah, like I do.
Just choose.
Maybe you can even write down what you think can be useful.
What can in fact like the the crimes, number of crimes and just yeah, write it down.
What I think can be useful to OK and yeah, I'll give it a shot.
Yeah, I'll try to give it a shot.
Yep.
Then we have the other people that sit there.
Because I can finish, I think I will send you what I have.
Like.
I once again there's some.
Yeah, I could you like watching because like this time that you, when you do this like, yeah, that's cool.
I think just take your time.
OK.
So would like guys.
I haven't the question.
Good luck.
That's good.